dio: ive already taken care of kakyoin, too.

dio: polnareff must be hiding somewhere... hah. but it doesnt matter.

dio: youre next, jotaro!

jotaro: you bastard. dio!

dio: oh? youre approaching me? instead of running away, youre coming right to me? even though your grandfather, joseph, told you the secret of the world. like an exam student scrambling to finish the problems on an exam until the last moments before the chime?

jotaro: i cant beat the shit out of you without getting closer.

dio: oh ho! then come as close as you like.

jotaro: ora!

dio: too slow, too slow! the world is the ultimate stand. even without his power to stop time, his speed and power far exceed that of your star platinum.

jotaro: so its the same type of stand as star platinum. not much range, but immense power and precise movements.

dio: i wanted to try a little test to find out just how much more powerful the world was, compared to your stand.

dio: though it appears a test was hardly necessary.

jotaro: test? is that what you call just patting me, and not even enough to hurt?

jotaro: well, i guess you ripped my , yen pants, though.

dio: why are you joestars so stubborn about admitting defeat?

dio: hmph. i suppose i shall rise to your shilly provocation, and test you just a bit more.

*muda muda vs ora ora*

dio: so my the worlds power and precision are both superior! ive seen enough. im satisfied. i will end you now!

dio: i have decided that i will show no mercy when fighting one of the joestar bloodline, but will kill them instantly!
*ora ora ora ora*

dio: the way to end you is with the worlds true power!
*za warudo! toki wo tomare!*

dio: with this, the joestar bloodline will finally end. my archenemies, who dared to make an appearance in my destiny.. farewell!
*jotaro rucha paluchem*

dio: wha- what? he just moved! he... impossible!

dio: his finger just moved! i-it cant be. it cant be! theyre.. the same?

dio: *in glowa: the world and star platinum are the same type of stand?!*

dio: can he see me? or is he moving his hand subconsciously?

dio: *oh* times up.
*czas jest unstopped now*

dio: could you see me? i asked if you could see me, jotaro!

jotaro: who knows? i dont know what youre talking about, dio.

dio: very well! it doesnt matter! it doesnt matter if you can see me during stopped time or not!

dio: if you can move the same way as my the world, let me see you moving!

dio: i, dio, had truly surpassed all forms of life and all stands! and now, i can stop time for five seconds, and longer and longer intervals each time!

dio: jotaro! i shall see just how powerful you truly are!
* za warudo! tomere toki wo! *

dio: ahahhahhahahahahahhhhhahahahahh!

dio: you had placed that magnet on me.

dio: when we were testing each others strength earlier? it looks like a magnet taken from a wallet or pocket planner.

dio: you completely fooled me. i cant take my eyes off you for a second. but! if youre using a trick like this, that proves you cant move during stopped time! you only added a few more seconds to your life! this time, you will..

dio: die, jotaro!

dio: naaaniii! h-he.. really can move! only for a moment, but he can move!

dio: the magnet wasnt to trick me into thinking he could move... but to trick me into thinking he couldnt, and lure me closer!
*jotaro punches him very hard*
*noga odpierdolona - podaj mi noge suko*

jotaro: i could move for a moment.. just a moment. but..

jotaro: yare yare daze.

jotaro: it was only enough to get one punch in.

dio: you. woman.

dio: fetch my leg from over there. hurry up and fetch it! behave like a flight attendant, bringing a drink and caviar to a first-class passenger!

jotaro: i guess i have to bash your head to pieces, or itll be like nothing ever happened. youve already recovered your energy. because that hole i put in your gut is closed up now.
*teleports to jotaro*

dio: your eyes followed me in the world of stopped time.. so you truly can see my movements, jotaro.

jotaro: seems so.

dio: kakyoin did quite well for you. because he figured out the secret of the worlds powers, you were able to figure out that you could move during stopped time, and so, you were able to invade my world.
*nando speedo teleportation*

dio: which makes me think.. just how long can you move within my world of stopped time?

dio: two seconds? three? or perhaps you can move five seconds, just like me, and youre just pretending that you cant? and so on.

dio: well? how about it?
*jotaro mozg*- this isnt good. i could move longer with some practice, but right now, a moment is the best i can do.*

dio: i believe that you can only move for a moment now. but since you have invaded my world of stopped time, it would not be wise to underestimate you by getting close. even when i still have an overwhelming adventage.

dio: therefore, jotaro, ive decided how to kill you such that it doesnt matter how long you can move!
*wyciaga te noze, jotaro wystraszony*

dio: youve gone pale. when you saw these knives, you realized that you facce a more horrific fate than that geezer joseph.

jotaro: *bastard! how the hell does he come up with stuff like this? hes dangerous.*
*jotaro use secret joestar technikue

dio: you cannot escape!

dio: za warudo!

dio: five more seconds!

dio: once time begins to move again, i wonder if even your star platinum can manage to deflect so many knives.

dio: four more seconds!

dio: being able to see this must be all the more terrifying, jotaro!

dio: three more seconds..

dio: just two more seconds.. is that all you can do? this proves that you really can move only for a moment.

dio: one more second..

dio: zero.

dio: its over. ill add one more, just to be sure.
*dio throw knives into jotaro head*

dio: to be frank, im relieved that i could defeat you so quickly, jotaro.

dio: i never thought you would be able to enter my stopped time. as i see it, those machines known as automobiles are useful devices, but because everyone has one, the streets become too crowded.

dio: only i, dio, should have power over stopped time.

jotaro: yare yare daze.. throwing all those knives.. now my valuable uniform is full of holes.

*mozg jotaro- i stuffed my clothes with magazines just in case he tried throwing anything..

jotaro: but i didnt think hed throw that many knives at me. playing dead and waiting for a chance to strike is the best chance i have right now. i need to figure out how to knock off his head.. otherwise, he wont die.*

dio: id better play it safe. the joestar bloodline has proven itself rather lucky. he might be trying to trick me by playing dead. i must end him beyond a shadow of a doubt!

dio: by..

dio: chopping his head off with this!

dio: this is truly the end for you, jotaro!

polnareff: die, dio!

dio: the world! time has stopped..

dio: so its you, polnareff?

*punches pol pol hard xd*

dio: and time will move once more.

*polnareff is hurt badly*

dio: too bad, polnareff. with just a moment more, and with just a tiny bit more force, you could have torn my brain apart with your rapier.

polnareff: b-bastard! this is impossible..

dio: you cannot assassinate dio.

dio: joestars egyptian tour group will be no more, once i finish you. *jotaro mozg- damn it. polnareffq going to get killed. i wanted to play dead as long as possible, until i could land a blow to his head, but.. it would be easy for me to keep polnareffs head on his shoulders.* but dio wont enter star platinums attack range. itll end up like it did last time. i have to make sure he doesnt realize im alive. as long as he doesnt know for sure, my chance to get close to him will come.* talk about irony. i tried my hardest to move inside his stopped time, but now i have to try my hardest to stay completely still.*

dio: farewell, polnareff! *punches him hard again*

dio: jotaro, you.. youre alive.. or youre coming around.

*policjant wycelowywuje bron w dio*


policjanci: dont move! were the police! we have guns pointed at you! put your hands up slowly.

* dio teleportuje sie za policjantow i uderza jednego w twarz*


dio: all right. perfect timing. theres something id like you to shoot with that gun. shoot the man

lying on the ground over there. you can shoot his leg, his torse.. whatever you like.

dio: come on. be sure not to miss.

*policjant wystrzeliwuje w jotaro ale star platinum lapie pocisk palcami pod kurtka*


dio: perhaps i was just imagining that sound i thought i heard coming from jotaro.


*jotaro mozg- what a sick thing to do.. but now dios attention is on me, not polnareff. right now,

hes suspicious as all hell. hell try to make absolutely sure that im dead. this is when

things get really dangerous.*


dio: the sound of his breathing.. i dont hear it. hes not breathing. then what about his heartbeat?

*jotaro lapie sie za serce przy pomocy star platinum by zatrzymac prace kurwa serce*

*dio nasluchuje z uchem przy ziemi*


*jotaro mozg- this is damn tough.. if i black out, i really will die. it wont even be funny..

if i die because i used my stand to stop my own heart.. *

*dio przestaje sluchac*


dio: his heart isnt breathing. he is definitely dead. i thought he was still alive, but it was just my imagination.

*podnosi znak*


dio: just in case, ill lop off his head so that i can truly rest at ease.

dio: all right, jotaro?

*jotaro przypiesza prace serca przy pomocy star platinum*

*dio bierze zamach by odjebac mu leb ale ten lamie znak*


dio: what?!

*jotaro bierze rozmach (star platinum)*


dio: stop time! the worl..

*jotaro wali mu hita na leb i rozpierdala czache*


jotaro: i went through hell there.. but even if you stop time, im still going to blow your

head off, dio.


dio: wh-what? it cant be..


jotaro: ora!

*dio uderza o schody*


jotaro: finally.. finally, i was able to bash his head in. but that bastard dio is a monster

who survived a hundred years at the bottom of the ocean. i cant believe hes dead yet.

jotaro: its too soon to relax.


dio: ill kill you..

*dio wywraca sie i krwawi lec*


dio: wh-what is this? impossible! m-my legs..

dio: i cant move my legs. i cant stand!~

*jotaro rozjebuje bak samochodu i nalewa paliwo do wiader*


dio: i have a headache.. a-and nausea..

dio: how could this happen? me, dio, feeeling sick?

dio: my heads been destroyed, so i cant get up?! damn it! i have to do something!

*jotaro oblewa dio paliwem*


jotaro: i covered you with gasoline so i can track your smell. i feel bad, kicking a guy when

hes down, but..

jotaro: nah. i dont feel bad about this at all.

*wyciga zapalniczke*


jotaro: my friends and a lot of innocent bystanders are dead because of you.

*odpala zapalniczke*


dio: hahahahahhahhhhhhahhahahahaaaaaaaa

dio: za warudo!

dio: if i can.. if i can get to that place..

*czoga si i apie zderzak samochodu*


dio: time.. time will move once more.

*jadzie zapany za zderzak*

*zajebisty soundtrack zaczyna gra*


jotaro: he put his ear to the ground to listen for cars coming near.

jotaro: but..

*wyciaga noz z reki*


jotaro: i cant let him get away!

*rzuca i trafia w opone samochodu, dio wyrzucony w powietrze lduje obok wejcia do ciekw (to kolko)*


dio: that place.. that place!

dio: if i can just get there..

*unosi kolko ze stodzienki sciekowej*

*jotaro jest w srodku*


jotaro: this place is taken. you cant escape.

*jotaro powoli wylatuje*


jotaro: give up, dio.


dio: the world! sto-


jotaro: ora!

jotaro: oraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraora!

jotaro: oraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraora!

*dio wylatuje w powietrze i leci na koniec ulicy*

*edgy badass jotaro face*


dio: you fell for it, jotaro! this is my escape route!

dio: you have lost in the battle of wits against me, dio!

dio: doesnt this street look familiar?


jotaro: this street.. i-it cant be..

*dio ssie krew z josepha*


dio: thats right. it was my escape route to the blood of joseph joestar!

*poteny gej wampir sie podnosi*


dio: josephs blood suits me well. it suits this body so perfectly, my strenght is recovering

faster than ever before!

dio: it suits me.. it truly suits me!

*ahhashdahsdhsdhshahsdhahahahhahahahahhahhahhh, drapanie glowy*


dio: this body belonged to jonathan joestar one hundred years ago. the blood that i just drank was

from his grandson, joseph! and the one who allowed me to make it this far was you, jotaro.

dio: the joestar bloodline was mere dog shit on the road that is my destiny, just something

lying in my way.. but in the end, it appears that the joestars are fated to be my tools.

*huehueheuhehahehehahehehauheehhahaha*


jotaro: o-old man.. o-old man.


joseph ghost: no matter.. no matter what dio is about to do to my body down below, you must never get enraged and

lose your cool, jotaro. dont worry about me anymore. this happened because it had to happen.


jotaro: is this.. the old mans soul?


joseph ghost: kakyoin solved the mystery of dios stand. i relayed his message to you. if we had all

fought dio at once, we would have all perished instantly. youve become able to move a bit within stopped time.

you have two or three seconds now.. use that time wisely. no matter what dio does now, you mustnt get angry.

joseph ghost: if you fly into a rage and strike first, youll only put yourself in a bad situation.

joseph ghost: jotaro.. this trip was truly fun, wasnt it? so much happened. i swear.. these fifty

days really were fun.

*gif jak trzyma sie za czapke i rozplywa w powietrzu*


jotaro: was i seeing things?


dio: hey! where are you looking, jotaro?

*sucks all blood from joseph*


jotaro: b-bastard..


dio: now hes just an empty shell!


jotaro: the old man told me not get angry, no matter what.

jotaro: but thats not possible.

jotaro: no one could stay calm after seeing that!


dio: this is the final round!

* i tutaj skacza do siebie (jotaro i dio w formie potenznego geja wampira)


dio: za warudo! toki wo tomare!

dio: wryyyyyyyyyyyy!

*wryyyy*


dio: one second has passed!

dio: two seconds have passed..

dio: three seconds have passed!

dio: four seconds..

dio i jotaro: ora ora oroaroraoroaomodudmaduadmaduadmaudadmaduasdmaudadchuj

*jotaro rozpierdala dio don*


jotaro: oraoraoraora


dio: five seconds have passed.

dio: six seconds have passed.

*dio regeneruje dlon*


dio: seven seconds have passed! i still feel the power!

dio: i can still keep it up! by the way, jotaro. you shouldnt be able to move any longer.

you probably gambled on the two seconds before time starts to move again, but youve miscalculated.

dio: what a truly magnificent feeling! i feel so good, i could break out into song!

dio: eight seconds have passed! one hundred years ago, i attained immortality, but i didnt feel as absolutely wonderful

then as i do now!

*dio hahahaheheheh xd jak zawsze i napierdalanie palcem w skroni*


dio: joestar blood suits me so very well! this is the greatest high!


*jotaro mozg- o-old man.. you were right. getting mad has gotten me into trouble. but this isnt the end of it.

i still have plenty more rage to hurl at him!


dio: nine seconds have passed! ive stopped time for nine seconds!

dio: but it appears that stopping time for nine seconds is my current limit.


jotaro: y-you bastard...


dio: wryyyyyy

dio: now to unleash all of my stands power! jotaro! you said something about being pissed off.. but your fury can

achieve no more than that!

dio: muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda!

dio: muda!

*jotaro uderza o most*


dio: and now, without pause, my final attack! the last and final time i will stop time!

dio: within my nine seconds of stopped time, i shall end this!

dio: za warudo!

*dio lduje na mocie przed jotaro i si umiecha*


dio: one second has passed.

dio: two seconds have passed.

dio: three seconds have passed.

|lektor mozna powiedziec| * for some reason, dio disappeared while time was stopped.*


dio: four seconds have passed.

|lektor mozna powiedziec| * however, jotaro has abandoned thought. no matter what dio has planned,

or what attack he might unleash in the two seconds that jotaro can move within stopped time, all he needs

to do is drive star platinums fists into him in those two seconds!


dio: five seconds have passed.


*jotaro mozg- the one thing that i know, dio, is that he next time i see your face, im probably going to bust a vein!


dio: six seconds have passed.


*jotaro mozg- bring it on, dio!


dio: seven seconds have passed.

dio: roado rolla da!

*dio pizga w jotaro zoltym walcem*

*jotaro yhasyyashyyh yhhy yhh*


jotaro: oraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraoraora

*spam ora ogolnie*


dio: its too late! you cannot escape!

dio: muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda! muda!

*tutaj spam ora i muda na chacie *


dio: eight seconds have passed! wryyyyy

dio: ill smash you flat!

*jotaro get smashed.png*


dio: nine seconds have passed.

dio: i did it.

dio: this proves that no one can surpass dio!

dio: puny humands! i shall rule you all!

dio: bow before my knowledge and might!

dio: ten seconds have passed! now my ability to stop time has reached ten seconds!

dio: now, then.. i guess i should find jotaros lifeless body and drink his blood. if theres any blood

left to take!

*wystraszonydio.png*


dio: wh-what? my bodys movements a-are slowing down.. n-no.. im not slowing down..

i-i cannot move. i-impossible! m-my b-body wont move at all!


jotaro: dio!

jotaro: its been eleven seconds. i guess thats your limit now.


dio: nani?!


jotaro: i stopped time at the nine second mark. that let me escape.

jotaro: yare yare daze.

jotaro: now.. it wont take even a second to finish you off!

*jotaro stojacy za dio z palcem w jego strone bo to zajebiscie wyglada*


dio: j-jotaro! i-impossible! you stopped time? right at the end of my nine seconds of movement..


jotaro: how does it feel, dio?

jotaro: having someone approach from behind while you cant move a muscle, if i had to describe it, is like when a guy

who can hold his breath underwater for a minute finally comes up for air at the very last second..

jotaro: when suddenly, he feels someone grab him, and hes dragged back down into the water.

jotaro: does that sound right?

jotaro: but for you, i feel no pity at all.

jotaro: ora!

jotaro: time has begun to move again.

*dio wykrecone nogi jotaro stoi przed nim*


jotaro: i dont feel even the slightest bit of compassion for you.

jotaro: i havent even an ounce of pity for you. however, just finishing you off by beating you

to death now would leave a bad taste in my mouth.

jotaro: how many seconds will it take for your legs to recover?

jotaro: three seconds? four?

jotaro: the moment youve healed, ill throw star platinum at you. so bring it on!

joraro: if i were a gunslinger in a western, id say.. ,,draw. lets see whos the fastest

gun in the west.

*dios head- h-hes.. mocking me! but.. but, jotaro.. you may have come this far, but you are still only human.*


dio: hahahahaahha

*dios head- you think like a human, who has so little time to live. about things leaving a bad taste in

mouth, or living your life with no regrets.. that kind of reasoning is about as comperlling

as rat shit in a bathroom, and it will be your demise! hahhahahhaha!*

*dios head- i, dio, have no such thoughts. within my mind is but one simple thought.*

*dios head- just one! to be victorious and rule! that is all.*

*dios head- that is all i need to feel satisfaction!*

dio: how i do it..

dio: .. does not matter!


dio: how do you like being blinded by blood?!

dio: ive won! die!


jotaro: ora!

*rozpierdala noge the world*


dio: wha.. what?!

*dio zostaje rozrywany przez moc star platinum zaraz po pierdolniciu w noge*


dio: i-impossible.. i-im dio..

dio: i am dio! cmpn*i_luv_jojo* and replace the asterisk with the curly braces.